Congratulations, doll,
on those sunglass pinata.
Huh?
Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. Well,
this this was the part of the last of
the Abita Springs Citywide sale footage
that we have and we met some really
interesting people and we're going to
show you the last of that footage right
now.
>> just thinking about having a sunglasses
party.
>> We
There you go. I told you we'd find one.
>> [laughter]
>> Now look, I got a we we first thing we
got to ask you, is that something for
Mardi Gras or something? No, I just made
it. It was but it's a it's a
it's a Periscope. Periscope. Does it
work?
Wait, it has a mirror in it?
>> Yep. No way.
>> Yeah.
What?
I got a camera on it. Oh, it does. Look.
It's so good. Look y'all. I was thinking
about putting like Oh my gosh. You put
some work into this. Yeah, well, I did.
Oh, did you weld it? No. No, no, no, no.
It's it's a
It's a cardboard. What? Okay. Heavy duty
cardboard, too. I'm going to I'm going
to have to put this on YouTube. I'm
sorry. You can you can you can be yours.
Huh? No, no, no, no, no. I'm I'll the
pictures and videos are last a lifetime
for me on this on this one.
>> [laughter]
>> Dang it. I do I love your enthusiasm and
creativity though. Oh, thank you. I
might do it. Oh, look. Oh, yeah, look at
this. This is That's cool. Yep, thank
you. Thank you. It's wired to be
outside, too. Look at that. Oh, yeah,
look at that.
You Oh, are you you just Is that what
you do? You just like make stuff?
>> Yeah, I make a lot of stuff. That's
really cool. Yep, but that's the only
stuff I made. That's not my crap. I mean
that that pinata, I know the person who
made it.
You know what I thought that was at
first? What?
>> I thought that was some method to get
stuff from a float to a specific person
on a um That is so smart. That's what I
thought it was. Yeah, but it wouldn't be
a good shape because it wouldn't but
>> No, yeah, yeah, but it's
>> wouldn't need but like if you did
something with some curves on it.
>> Yeah, yeah. But you like a vacuum thing
like
Right. Blow it.
Wait, I got to pick up my stuff now.
You sure look we can load up them I
don't know. We have room but I don't
know.
No.
>> What about No, not the sunglasses. The
sunglasses you don't want. So
technically you'll have to take that.
>> No, no. They they belong with you. Okay,
yeah, that's really cool.
>> that is, too. I I did enjoy stop I'm
glad we stopped there. Yes.
Well, I went to a boarding school. Hey,
my friend. Yeah, let's go.
>> boarding school in Italy and the first
day all the priests said all there were
12 Americans and they said all the
Americans are going through hell.
I'm like, okay, well, you know, day one
at least I know where I'm going.
Huh? Why follow the rules?
>> What else you got to lose? That's right.
And you know,
all the 12 Americans would sit at the
dining table. Huh? And I forget the
Okay, well, if you think of it, let me
know later.
So yeah, that that was some interesting
characters for sure. We had we had a lot
of fun.
Um
We didn't buy that much, obviously.
>> In fact, we're done with the haul from
that sale that particular day. So we're
not going to be showing you any more of
that today.
We had another sale this past weekend, a
highway sale. We did pick up some things
from there. That'll be in the next
video.
>> Yes, I can't wait to show y'all that.
>> Yeah, so but for now we do have orders
we need to pull. We sold on eBay,
Mercari and Poshmark, so we're going to
get to it. All right, let's go. All
right, starting out with eBay. First
thing is Creature from the Black Lagoon
mask on four alpha. Okay. Labeled
creature.
Four alpha.
Um
Oh.
There's a box way way back there that's
labeled creature, just like you say. All
right, I'll be back in a minute. I got
to go get that thing.
Ooh. All right, going to rearrange a
little bit up there. But the good news
is if we do have more than one thing in
this box, I have a
We took a box down the other day, so we
have an empty spot there
where I can put it.
All right.
There's two We have two of those, huh?
>> Yeah, okay. Are they both the same or is
it a quantity listing?
>> look and see.
And you may want to make sure if you had
it cross-listed.
>> Right. Yeah, yeah, that was a
multi-quantity. So um yeah. So whichever
one, huh?
>> We have to go in cuz I think I do have
those on Poshmark, so I need to adjust
the quantity there.
And yes, we are we are still going to be
trying List Easy here. We just haven't
had a chance yet.
One of the one of the things we need to
do before we start trying that, we got
to switch back to business policies for
shipping. Yep. Hey. What? We got things
moving. Oh, yeah, that's right.
>> Two Charlie, Ken and Tommy, swim
buddies. Yeah.
I got IT MOVING FOR YOU.
OKAY, that means we need to reassign.
This is the original. Yeah, the two
imposters have been slacking. The
original is two for two now.
>> That's right.
The real deal. Yep, so he's getting a
new location today.
Good job, buddy.
Yeah, okay, we got to pick out Okay, you
want to Let's get You want to go and do
it now? Okay, Ken and Ken and Tommy sold
for 35.99.
>> Oh, awesome. All right, we have these
two teddy bears, beef eater and royal
guard, I believe.
>> this for a while.
>> We have.
>> Uh this is a challenge there.
Little inner man. Uh-oh, I'm not taking
that.
I'm trying to get it where he can kind
of sit up there with him. There you go.
Get them things moving.
>> I'm going to get them moving for you.
Let me get to see what I knock off.
Thank you, inner man.
>> [snorts]
>> What [clears throat] was it? A little
Poshmark.
All right, what's next? All righty. We
sold a shrimp festival mug.
>> I know, that's awesome, huh? Seven
Charlie. That pays for all of them,
right?
>> Yes, 1991 is the one you need to pull.
Okay. Which happens to be the year we
graduated from high school.
>> That's right. Man, that's a long time
ago now.
1991.
Oh, we have
Oh, no, I thought we had two 92s. No, we
don't.
So basically we have 91 through 95.
>> Yep.
Okay.
29.99. That's really cool.
>> Yeah.
Okay, so you we had we bought five and
you paid two a piece?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. So we're in two of them for 10
total.
>> So we're already in the in the green on
the rest of them are just pure profit.
Yep. Nice. Somebody bought two
army shirts.
Two different sizes. Okay, where are
they at? Five alpha army 1X.
Five alpha.
All right, they're here.
Man, [clears throat] we've sold a lot of
this stuff already. Yeah, we have a lot
left. Yeah, we have a lot of it still.
The other one is two alpha 2X if you
want to go grab that while I get this
popped open. Two alpha.
You said 2X? Yes.
Yeah, this is the one that's
super heavy.
Super big. Yeah, I mean we Candace, I
don't even know what quantity we've sold
of these so far. I know. I'd be kind of
curious to see.
But I know it's a lot.
All right, it's a whole bunch.
>> 1X. Yep.
I'll trade with you. You can tape that
back up.
Okay.
I don't know where your tape is. Uh I
got it. Here.
Now, we'll be right back. All right, we
got those pulled.
That one's [clears throat] two alpha.
Okay.
We've got to be in the profit on this
stuff already. Oh, yeah, for sure.
Um
Man, I maybe
maybe we'll take a look and see but man,
I think we've sold a bunch of this army
stuff and but it's ridiculous how much
of it we still have left.
>> Yeah.
Okay.
There we go. All right, got it.
>> 1999 each for those.
>> Man, that's so awesome. Yep. Okay, on
the top of the cube, a carved Balinese
mask
with issues. Yeah, that's right here.
Yeah, it had some issues. It's missing a
missing some metal on one of his teeth
and
some hair and stuff and we just
That was in a Fila bag. Yeah, 19.99 for
that. Okay. That's pretty that was what
we paid for the whole bag.
>> Yeah, it was a $20 Fila bag. It wasn't
like $5 Fila bag. Right.
Okay, in the tiger drawer, this is a
necklace from Lee Michaels in a red gift
box.
It's a crew Mardi Gras crew gift.
>> Oh, I remember I remember that. Yeah, we
had sold the other one. We had two of
them. We had two different kinds and
>> Oh, we sold the other one already? Yeah,
it sold pretty fast.
>> Okay, yeah. $40 for that.
Pocket 11, a silver cocktail ring with a
big clear CZ in it.
Okay, pocket 11.
All right, right here.
Yeah, we had to go back and forth quite
a few times on this one. Yeah, cuz it is
sterling silver, so you know, I didn't
want to go too low on it.
>> I
agree. All right, what what
>> 25 is what we got for it. Yeah. Nice.
Okie doke. We have a Creepin Land Rue
book in the magic three box going out.
Okay. The Daring's of the Red Rose.
It's got a blue and black art deco scene
on the front.
Got it. Right here.
22.49.
All righty.
Six Charlie, lot of three Roger's
cookbooks, Lagniappe Light and the
original. Yeah, we had um
There's a couple of ver-
the light one usually doesn't sell.
Right.
>> Like we actually have a light one on the
shelf back there. I think it's listed
for about 20 or so.
>> Yeah, it's not
>> sells really well still.
And the Lagniappe sells decent, too, but
>> There's a Christmas edition, too, that's
really good. And there's one more I
can't think
>> There's there's another edition that's
like pretty rare and it sells for I
think around $100 or more sometimes.
>> Yep. But yeah, these are in pretty good
condition.
Good condition, actually, except for
this one has some damage a little damage
to the cover here on the corner and then
on the inside cover page and the rest of
it is really good.
>> Yeah. Yeah. $64.99 for the set.
>> Yeah. One Alpha, Wilton Roman column
cake separator set. Yeah, I woke up to
this sale and I was like
That's one of those sales you wake up to
and you're like, yes.
I found that at at an estate sale like
in the pantry on the last day. Paid
12.50 for it, sold it for 100. Yeah, and
it sold within
>> Yeah, Lonnie just listed that yesterday.
One of a hours or something.
>> That was one of the last things you
listed, huh? Yeah,
yeah, I'll already wiped it out and I
added up the numbers. Pocket 18, GI
Joe's R10 chest armor. Pocket 18.
All right.
Okay, oh, wow. It's that small? Yeah.
Shoot. I can see where they originally
they only wanted to pay six bucks. Went
back and forth a few times. It's pretty
rare to find it. It's got a heat sticker
on it that can change colors when you
rub it or whatever. It's pretty rare to
to have it with, you know, complete like
that. $10 for that. Yeah, we need to be
careful with this. It seems pretty
fragile. Okay, before I forget, we did
do a
an off-platform
sale to a someone messaged us. Yeah,
private sale for the Bulls flag that we
picked up recently. Yeah, and I have a
picture of it on my phone. So, I'm not
going to un- un- unwrap it. But yeah, we
paid
Um this we got this at the a garage sale
where the guy had
the skeleton dressed up like Hulk Hogan.
Yeah. So,
And yeah, this is
is Kim? Is that a Kim? Yeah, so thank
you very much, Kim. I hope you enjoy the
flag.
>> Yeah, 25 shipped is what we sold that
for. Yeah, we gave her a pretty good
deal, I think. She's I think we were
happy with it, too. Yep. On Poshmark,
somebody bought three Lucchese
keychains. We did a bundle deal for $90
for all three. Pocket 121, 22
>> It was 95. 95, that's right. Pocket 121,
122, and 123.
>> 121,
122,
123. And we bought
nine total keychains for $72
total. We paid $8 a piece and we already
sold one of them for I think
45? Yeah, something like that.
>> Yeah.
So, we're What are What are our proceeds
on this sale? Didn't I tell you that?
>> It does. Our earnings are $76. $76. So,
these three
after fees pay for the rest of them.
Yeah. And we've already sold another
one, too. So, that yeah, this that that
that's working out.
>> Yeah.
Okay, and then on Mercari, we sold a
Barbie Princess of the French Court.
She's on five Bravo. Okay.
Yeah, this was just we just showed this
in the last video. Yeah, we just got her
listed yesterday. And as a matter of
fact, when I was editing that video and
we were I was, you know, we were showing
what we listed or sold stuff for, I got
to show a sold comp. Yep. That was good.
$34.99. Okay. And yeah, I paid $10 for
that, if y'all remember that. So,
I paid 10 a piece for two Barbies, so
that one
we're already in the in the black there
and um That one's the profit.
>> The other one's going to be pure profit.
>> Yep. So, all right. Is that everything
we got going on today?
>> That's it. Okay. Yeah, I'm happy pretty
happy with that. We got some good stuff
here. We're going to pack it. All right,
we got everything packed up and
ready for carrier. And I wanted to show
y'all I'm starting to list now and I'm
going to go ahead and tackle this Boston
Marathon poster
that we paid $5 for. I knew it I knew it
probably had some type of issue just
based on the back here.
But fortunately,
y'all can see all the water staining
there. Fortunately, that backing is
foam, so the majority of the moisture
was kept away from the poster.
I did You can see right here.
There was some um
a little bit of moisture that that
leached here.
The poster was stuck to it a little bit.
Y'all can see right there.
Um I did use the heat gun there.
And I slowly heated it up and peeled it
back and you can see it is a little
wavy, but um the good news is I don't
really see ill effects on the front,
but I will, of course, disclose that in
the listing. Uh it's it's got some
moisture issues. It's a little wavy when
it's not behind glass,
but yeah, it it looks great, though,
uh until you look back here. And for
this kind of thing, I will I will be
including a video with the listing.
All right, what what we do last time we
turn on the camera? Were we pulling
orders? No, no, no.
I showed them
>> No, I showed them that poster.
The poster real quick.
>> Oh, the marathon poster?
>> it's up there. It's listed.
I've been
kind of goofing off today, honestly.
Yeah, we've been kind of taking it easy
today pretty much.
Yeah. Yeah, we have. We're going to get
some good listings up, though.
We don't have We don't have as much time
as we should for the amount of work
we've done now.
You've done one?
Yeah, well, I'm wrapping up my second
one right now.
I just bagged it up.
It's a Members Only a vintage Members
Only from Hong Kong. Okay. Made in Hong
Kong. I listed that poster for 150.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, we're not killing it
today.
Some Some days we just kind of like
uh We need to get on that list easier
thing, but we
maybe after
We've got to do our business get our
business policies in order, though, cuz
you have to use business policies to use
>> Yeah, we'll do it when we do it.
Yes, we'll do it when we do it. We're
We're excited, but not excited enough to
drop everything and do it. Although, we
might regret waiting by the time we try
it. I hope so, anyways.
>> Maybe.
Um I'm about to get
this project done. These have been
What we're trying to do right now,
y'all, we're trying to clear all this
stuff out right here. Yeah. Um cuz then
we have other stuff, too, but we need to
clear all this out and hopefully keep it
clear this time. We always struggle with
this. It's just something we struggle
with.
But cuz we keep bringing so much stuff
in.
I feel like we're getting a little
better at throughput, though, lately.
>> Yeah, we are. Yeah.
But yeah, we bought this entire lot.
It's I counted them up. It's a little
over 150 of these like promo brochures
from eight I think 70s, 80s, 90s, and
2000s and maybe a couple are from the
teens. Got 150 of them. I'm going to
list them for 100 bucks, see what
happens.
>> have a '91 Camaro in there? Maybe. Cuz I
had that at one time. I actually had the
brochure. I was curious if
if my car is in there. I'm not sure.
What I did, Candace, I just took There's
a Jaguar. I just took
um
Most of the ones up there were You see,
look, these are some older ones now.
Yeah.
Scorpio, look, Geo.
Look. I almost got that car. The These
Geos were cool, man, back in the day.
>> Especially the Trackers. Man, were Were
those neat little cars or what?
>> Yep.
The Trackers were cool, man. It's Every
now and then you'll see one on the road.
Remember they Remember how affordable
these were these little cars were? What
is that? Something about a vaccine. Oh.
Oh, it's a
No, it's a car brochure. Uh Homogenized
milk homogenized milk, not cars.
Huh?
Some It's Look, look, here's a 1977
VW.
>> cool. Look, here's
So, there are some 70s and 80s and
stuff. Anyway,
um I'm putting all those together in one
lot. Try and get 100 bucks for it. I
think I might have overpaid a a tad
uh for what it is. I think I paid like
$25 for this and that was too much. I
should not be paying that much for this
stuff. Even if we get the 100, like
it'll be a nice profit.
>> Yeah, if it were older stuff like 50s,
60s, stuff like that. I I I do think I
do think they'll sell, though. Yeah, I
do, too. Somebody's going to buy them to
part them out. But I've been they've
just been sitting over there for Look at
this. probably over a month. Yeah.
Yeah, I saw that.
>> Yeah. My dad had a van that looked
almost exactly like that, except it was
a panel van. Yep.
Um So, yeah, I'm going to get that
listed for 100 and then I've got another
box right there of books.
And Candace is working through a bunch
of stuff over here, too.
>> yeah, I just I had a green Members Only
jacket I'm finishing up listing. There's
a khaki one. Candace, without lifting it
up or looking at it, what is that board
right there? Is that a chessboard?
That is not a board. That's a flatware
chest. Uh Okay, I thought it was a I
thought it was a chess set.
>> That's some pretty good flatware I have
that I need to list.
>> Oh, okay, good.
>> if I'm parting it out or doing one lot.
I don't even remember what the pattern
or the maker is. We've done really good
on
We've done really good on flatware.
>> Yeah, we don't have a lot there.
>> Candace
>> I forgot about all those um
uh Widespread Panic posters. I forgot
about those. Oh my gosh, we had we do
have a lot.
>> have the um what's his name?
>> Jordan posters, too. Yeah, I looked at
some of those posters and some of a lot
of those would be really good
if they were in great condition. None of
them are. What about lotting them up?
>> That's what I'm going to do.
>> Yeah. I'm going to lot I'm going to lot
them up. Yeah. We're still going to make
good money. I think I paid Didn't I pay
like
>> $5 or something?
>> I think you I think I I want to say it
was like $2. For the whole for all of
them?
>> For the whole roll.
>> Yeah. And there's like 20 posters or
something there.
So yeah, we're going to
we're going to keep on listing and in
just a little bit we are going to uh be
disciplined and get back to doing some
shed flops.
I remember [snorts] I remember why I was
turning the camera on now. We we have a
uh
We showed that we have an Italiana left.
One one more Italiani in here.
And the other day and somebody in our
comments said they want to buy it, which
uh
Yeah. Yeah, we want to sell it.
So I said, you know, email us. We'll
probably do that that deal privately. Uh
y'all probably see it go out here in a
few days. But I was curious. I was like
I was like, I wonder if anybody's if
these books are selling or if anybody
has them for sale or or what's going on.
Mhm. Check this out.
Now, like that one was not one of ours
that sold right here. Cuz we didn't have
any of the price tag on them.
>> Look at that. Ours never saw a store.
They were straight from the author's
house. The last Yeah, we had Ours were
all new old stock. Now, they weren't in
perfect condition. I was looking to see
if anybody
But yeah, the only one that we see sold
is this one. But Yeah, so this is this
is the one that sold for 50 Man, it that
thing looks trashed.
>> I mean, yeah, look at the up there.
That thing is trashed.
Look at that.
>> [laughter]
>> My gosh.
>> Now, that one sold. When did it sell? I
wonder if that was the only one
available then.
>> February 1st. That might have been the
only one available.
>> $55. That's nuts.
>> Yeah. That's nuts. So
looked wanted to look at the actives.
See where are they?
Oh, here they are. Here's the act the
current actives.
We have one at 85.
We have one at 44.88.
>> was going to say, is that the same one,
but it's not because it has sticker and
broken comb binding, too. But that's a
different seller. Are we sure that's not
the Man, that
Unless somebody bought it and cooked out
of it and then decided They did It's
different damage, though.
>> but it Yeah, it's different cuz the
other one was missing all that. It
definitely has What is Oh, Book
Warehouse. That's what it is. They
probably went on clearance at Book
Warehouse. Yeah. at some point.
And like here's a nice clean one for 25.
Right. So yeah.
We'll probably sell ours for 25 if if
they email us email us back. Look at
that.
Okay. All right. Oh, look, it does have
water damage.
>> We had some like that, too. This might
have been one of ours.
>> Right. It was just on the um
It was just on the inside cover page. Or
or the back and yeah, one one of the
either the front or back yellow extra
pages, yeah. All right. So yeah, I was
just I was just curious what the
market's doing now.
Because we certainly sold a lot of ours
to viewers. Mhm. And we sold a lot to
non-viewers. We don't always know for
sure who's who, but it looks like the
looks like the market is still kind of
there, you know, sort of.
Okay.
Okay, y'all. We uh
We're we finished listing for the day.
This is not great.
>> Oh, man. We got to do better. We We need
to get that
>> Yesterday wasn't that great, either.
No. What happened yesterday?
Uh well, yesterday was No, it wasn't
Monday. Actually, the our best listing
day so far this week has been
>> Monday was
>> packing day. That makes no sense.
>> Makes no sense. Although Okay, let's
see. 31 82 83 23 53 80
404 165 dollars.
Going to write that down. Trying to do
it again. Yeah, thankfully there was two
big ticket items. Well, yeah. 1 2 3 4 5
6 7 8. I did
Two of my listings were uh lots. Yeah.
And then the other listing took me a
little time
uh with the poster. Yeah. So I was
actually
Yeah, okay. I don't want to talk about
that.
Oh. Boy, Fred is happy.
Boy, Fred's like, "Woah, guys. Y'all
been paying Y'all been paying Inanimate
all this attention. Oh, did we put
Inanimate on something?" Yeah, we did.
The teddy bears. Yep.
Y'all been paying Inanimate all this
attention. What about me?
Boom.
Get it, Fred. All right. That's enough.
I probably went too long. Yeah, I think
you kind of overdid that one.
>> [laughter]
>> Sorry, y'all. I won't do it that long.
Yeah, y'all It's been a while. We're
going to do shed flops.
>> while. It's been a while. We're going to
take our five
>> wait. Let me hear you sing that again.
It's been a while.
>> [laughter]
>> It's been a while.
You got to It's been a while. You got to
Make it sound like Make it sound like
the Bee Gees kind of doing it.
>> [laughter]
>> It's been a while.
That was great.
All right, we're going to take a look at
our five oldest listings in our eBay
[laughter] store and
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, babe. We're being stupid.
Oh, man. I can't turn her off now.
>> Okay. Yeah. Anyway, we're going to take
a look at our five oldest listings in
the eBay store and decide if we want to
relist them and change the price or just
take them down and maybe donate them.
Okay.
>> Or keep them or whatever.
>> It's more fun to sing Bee Gees. Yeah, it
is.
Uh okay, first two things are two the
two last nursing music boxes on 12
Charlie. Yeah, and here's the Okay.
>> are just hanging around. They are. She's
holding it Well, no, I don't know
They're not just hanging around. She's
holding an IV up. And the other is not
even hanging around. She's holding it.
All right. And her And the other one is
feeding a baby.
Um
What What are they priced at? Cuz we
What did we sell like five four or five
of them? Well, yeah. We We sold Yeah, I
think five. And um we had them at 25.
They've been marked down to 17.49.
>> Yikes. I know.
Ooh, man. At some point You know what?
Let's let's put them back up at 20
bucks. 20? Yeah.
Okay. We'll just We'll We'll freshen
things up.
And then like my my thinking is a fresh
listing might get new eyeballs.
>> Yeah. And
you know, if it doesn't pretty soon
it'll get caught up in a sale or
something like that or whatever.
>> Okay. But yeah, I don't want to put them
back up at like 15. Okay. So don't.
All right, mosey on back up here. Okay.
Pocket 28. What how fast is a mosey?
That's about a mosey
That's mosey speed. Which pocket is it?
28. This is a crown the crown a drum
major
marching band.
Oh.
It's a We don't have the word We don't
have the word pin in the title anywhere,
Alani.
Oh, you know what I was going to tell
you? I did that. I didn't put the word
pin in there.
Oh, it's like a baton? Yeah, but it
doesn't say what the item actually is.
>> Ah, okay. Yeah, yeah, so
>> not saying that's why it didn't sell,
but
>> It ain't helping. We started at 20. It
was marked down to 14. I'm going to
relist it at 12 and I'm going to add the
word pin. Okay. Uh while we're while
we're standing here, I want to remi- I
want to tell you
If y'all watched the last video, we list
Candace bought an awesome purse for $5,
listed it for 100.
I looked at that listing last night. I
just had I was looking at something
else. And um oh, I know. I was trying to
search for that listing because I was
going to put the thumbnail into the
video. I searched purse.
Is purse intentionally not in the title?
Uh what does it say? Hobo bag? It says
ho- Well, look at it. I mean, it says
hobo something. Okay. But it But I I
thought I just want to let you know if
you want purse in that title,
it's not there.
So.
So when you searched that and purse, it
didn't come up. What am I doing?
Let me look real quick. Go ahead and cut
the camera.
>> Okay. Okay. Okay, so over here here's
our listing. Rare vintage early 2000s
Isabella Fiore floral hobo leather
tassels boho Y2K. There's not the word
bag or purse in that title anywhere,
right? So I searched just Isabella Fiore
purse and I did buy newly listed. Okay.
And it pulled it up because I think
because it's in the bags and handbags
category, eBay. Now, I am going to go
add
>> have to. I just wanted to make sure that
you knew.
>> I'm going to
I might have not had enough characters.
Right. That's what I was thinking. Is I
But I promise you it wasn't intentional.
But um
because it is cross-listed on Poshmark
and Mercari, their search engine may not
work like eBay's. I would think you
would always want purse on that. But I
What do I know? Yeah. So I will
definitely fix that.
Okay.
>> Okay. And we have one more?
Um we have two more. They're both belt
buckles, H and J. Ah, they're going to
be over here.
In this box.
Are we going to take them out of the
paper or not?
>> No. I [clears throat] don't think so.
Huh? We did before, but I mean Yeah, I
don't want to do that. Yeah.
So H is a Southern Outdoors and it's
listed for 10.99.
>> Yikes. Okay, H and Okay, let's let's
relist that for like nine bucks. Okay. I
mean, these are so easy to pack. I hate
to like give up on them. Now, J is
really cool looking. We had it for 25.
Really?
>> Yeah, and
>> And it's on sale. Oh, yeah, it is cool.
It's got to like that in an hour.
>> guess I'll put it at 15. That's fine.
>> That's a cool looking belt buckle. Yeah.
No, that's cool. Okay. I mean, overall
we've done okay on these buckles. I I
I don't know. I'm going to Those are all
from like a bulk buy we did at a garage
sale.
>> Yeah, we paid a decent amount of money,
but we've sold we sold through a bunch
cuz look, y'all can tell
We were in the double digits.
>> Yeah, look at that. That means we had we
must have had 50 of these things.
>> Yeah.
I think we paid but I do think we paid
like $200 or something like that.
>> Yeah, well I mean we did fine on them
though. We did. I don't know if I do
necessarily do that again.
>> Yeah.
Because like a good selling lot of items
like this it would almost all be gone by
now. Versus versus what we have there.
>> Yep.
It's all right. Good news though, y'all.
It's uh today is Wednesday.
>> Mhm.
Tomorrow is Thursday.
If if
>> day is Friday. Yeah, and and after that
Saturday. No.
What are we doing here?
What are you doing? You get me off
track. I'll have a hard enough time as
it is. Mhm.
No, but uh what I was going to say is um
Today is Thur- Today is Wednesday. We're
going
to try to go to garage sales on Friday
morning, which means we really uh
tomorrow we have to pull and pack or we
should pull and pack. I'm going to I
don't we don't even really have to.
>> Well, the the reason we do is because
anything that sells between now and end
of close tonight business eBay business
end of day. I don't know where how I'm
supposed to say that. Y'all know what I
mean. That has to be shipped out by
Friday. Right.
>> going to pull and pack orders Friday
morning if we're going to sales. That's
the whole reason we pull and pack orders
Thursday afternoon.
>> And then while we're at it, we might as
well go ahead and clear the deck.
>> Yep. Because people that you know, real
realistically like we don't have to ship
Thursday orders until Monday. But we do
it. But if we can do it, we should do
it.
>> Yeah. You know, like we're not going to
like nope, you got to wait. You know,
we're not going to do that and you know,
so probably half of our orders go out on
on time, half go out early or
>> Yeah, like even the ones we pull on
Mondays and Wednesdays a lot of them go
out early.
>> A ton of them. We just clear the deck.
>> Right. Right. Yeah, so yeah, I'm looking
Oh.
The reason I brought that up, we've
we've got we've been having like a
fantastic sales day. Like this is the
best sales day. We've had some slow ones
lately, y'all.
This is the best sales day we've had in
quite a while. Um And hub day, imagine
that. I I I think we're like 11 orders
for like a little over $700.
>> Yeah. So like that's a that's change
from the norm. Like we had plenty of
days where we're we're trying to get
$300, $400 and we've had some better
days than that too, [music] but today is
going really good. I hope it keeps up.
We might be pulling a lot of stuff in
the next video. Hopefully.
>> So yeah, that's going to be it for this
one. Thanks so much for watching and we
will see y'all again very soon. Bye,
y'all. Bye.